Each publication is represented by a single file in the publications directory.

The file should be all lowercase and have "first author's last name",
"year of publication", and "venue". Examples: gacek2014hilt.html,
slind2012tacas.html, whalen2013ieee.html.

The file begins with metadata between the lines --- and ---.

Each metadata field must be on a single line (no wrapping).

If the data contains a colon, the whole data must be escaped using
double quotes. This is almost always the case for links since they
have a http://

The file must have the metadata "layout: publication" to be picked up
as a publication.

The order of the metadata does not matter, but at least make "layout"
first.

The authors data is an array of author names. We are using the format
of abbreviated first names and full last names. Examples: A. Gacek, J.
Backes.

The title goes in the "title" field. We are going to make only the
very first letter capitalized (unless there are proper names as well
in the title).

The "info" field contains publication information. In general,
references will appear as "<title>. <authors>. <info>."

The "link" field contains a link to the pdf. We will also host pdfs
locally in the directory publications/pdf with file names matching the
html file names, e.g. slind2012tacas.pdf

The "slides" field is optional and contains a link to the slides (pdf
preferred). We will also host slides locally in the directory
publications/slides with file names matching the html files names,
e.g. slide2012tacas.pdf

The "date" field is used for sorting and must have the format
YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS. The date must be valid, but when we don't care
just say 2014-01-01 00:00:00 or something. This only matters for
sorting, and perhaps we'll group publications by year in some views as
well.

The "projects" field is an array of relevant projects on which the
publication should appear. This is keyed based on the shortname of the
project, such as SMACCM or Guardol. This is the name of the project as
it appears in the sidebar of the website.

Please that your publications look correct on the website and show up
in the right spots. If not, you probably messed up the metadata. Check
again for unescaped colons or misspellings.
